Shortened uniform names (#316)
34th-Para-Recon-Brimstone-Company/34th-PRC-Aux-Mod: src/changelog.md

### Updated
- All Spartan shoulders have gunbags
- Added black hot and white hot thermal modes to UNSC Marksma's Visual Interface and all MVI tagged NVGs

> - Shortened all Marine Cross Branch BDU uniform display names to BDU and fixed name on Urban Blue 'Jade' Medium custom armor, was 'Demo Player'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shortened all Marine Cross Branch BDU uniform display names to BDU to fit better on screen
- Fixed some names on Jade's custom armour, was 'Demo Player' in some places
```
